OK so the last thing we're going to do is to import the album list.
We can to create a different component to render this because we need to map overhead.
So it's kind of a good idea to create a new component.
So I'm going to go right here to components and I'm going to create a new file and this one is going
to be called a boom list non-jazz Burguet.
So I'm going to close it and I'm going to go back to to the artist list to the artist.
So right here I'm going to create an import we get to get an error message but just a matter of now
we're going to create an import.
Are we going to import this component and this one we're going to be calling it album list or something
like that from.
And then just dog for Slash of list.
OK that's good.
So I'm going to go to all list and create a component for this.
So right.
So the first thing we need to do is to import react from react.
OK.
And that's good.
We're going to create just a status component.
You know this album list is just going to receive props is not going to do anything else.
So we don't have a state so we can create a stateless components.
So we say equal and it's going to it's going to receive props.
So we say props that equal to our function and then we just do the logic right here.
OK.
I'm just going to return some stat text so we can make sure that it's working.
So we're going to say return.
And we just return an empty dip.
Can you say all of them.
Whatever.
Very good.
So we're going to export this export default and we export these components.
There's no need for that.
OK.
I'm going to go back to the artist and since we have it right here available inside this component I'm
going to go right here after the vial and I'm going to just call it on the list of open the list and
then close it.
If we remove the page we can see the reward right there.
So it's working.
OK.
So what do we need to do now now to render the list.
This component needs to receives receive some prompts.
OK.
So from artist what we can do we can pass that this state that artist right here and then the album
if I go to the Jason and file DVD.
Jason Alban's is going to be an array of elements.
So OK so I'm going to go go back to schools as in say the artist I'm going to create a problem and it's
going to be album list and this one it's going to be equal to this dot state DOT artists dot dot and
albums get.
So whenever this is rendering it's going to pass.
This prompts the list of albums.
OK that's fine.
This is enough for here for this component.
Let's go to the to the album list.
OK.
So inside the album list what we want to do we want to catch the prompts and then just run a function
to map over the Omelas.
So I'm going to go right here to the return.
Can it just delete the album and I can just add a class name so we can style this later.
So this component this element is going to be called albums on this score list.
Very good.
So now we need to call to a function so we can map over it and my want my function is going to be shouldest
the show list is going to past the props that it's receiving from the parent component.
OK.
Let's get they're going to go right here and create a function to map over the props.
So I'm going to say shouldest.
Oh sorry.
Konst shouldest.
This one is going to be equal to some arguments.
And then just trigger function.
Now whenever we pass prompts we can access the prompts and destructor everything just like with it before
since.
Let me just show you right now we're going to save props and we just get going to pass always the prompts.
So OK.
OK.
Just let me show you.
We have the album list and inside the album list we have an array.
So what we can do instead of calling props.
We can enter props you can use destructuring Antrel props and the structure with the album list.
So I'm going to do curly braces and call of them list.
There you go.
Going to delete this.
And again just like we did before.
We need to render this we need to map over this other list only if it has data.
And the first time that this component component renders we didn't have data it's going to be empty
and it's going to give us an error message.
So we need to wrap everything inside a conditional that checks if the elements this object has data
can say if and then just album list.
Ok so since we want to return some GSX that's inside a map I'm going to say We turn then we grab the
album list and dots and we map over it.
So something real simple we can to create an anonymous function and we can pass an item.
OK it's going to be each album.
Right.
So we need to return some jazz acts so we can say return an opening close.
Now what we can in return.
It's just an image just an image tag.
Can you just put this just an image.
So I'm going to say EMG and I'm just going to close it for now.
Now whenever we just loop react is going to ask us to put a key whenever we just do a map.
OK.
So the thing is that we just have a one.
We have only one thing one when name the name of the image.
What we can do whenever we just run a map we can pass as a second argument the index and the index is
going to be the and the number of the iteration.
So it's going to be 0 1 2 3 whatever elements you have on the list.
So as we get it pass I'm going to pass the index I'm going to say just index.
You can do pretty much where you want.
You can add that you can put the index and then do template strings and just add the name of image.
So something something like that.
OK.
So I'm going to say I'm not going to just put the all and say Source equals and now we need to put to
put the source of the image.
OK so we're going to use template strings and the saw in the image is going to be stored inside for
Slash images for Slash albums for Slash and the name of the file which is going to be the the one we're
getting right here on each iteration so we can access doing item d'arte cover that's name.
OK.
And we need to add the extension.
So it's going to be JPT.
So it's nice to have all the images right here.
Of course we need to add some styling but everything just looks really nice.
So let's go to the CSSA and Abda stifle this.
And that's pretty much it.
So let's go to styles.
And let me just put it right here on the same container so we can see going to need to make a reference
to these to this list.
So OK so we're going to say all them thought of them underscore list.
That's the main container.
And we can add a margin of 20 pixels.
We can do something with simple that because now we need to kind of float everything.
So I'm going to say I'm going to make reference to them this again and then just call the after going
to do the self closing the self-clearing clearing floats and say clear both then display table and then
just content nothing.
Now just to clear the floats.
Right.
So now I'm going to go right here.
Make reference to them list then begin to select begin it just select its image and then we're just
going to float everything to the left and everything is going to have a width of 50 percent no.
OK.
It seems like I made a mistake.
It's not selecting the elements.
Maybe I didn't put this this inside the album list.
I'm going to say I did albums list so I'm going to go back to the styles and just put albums list makes
sense.
OK.
Again we are getting the same problem albums list.
No it's fine.
OK let's say a diva and see what's going on.
It is going to grant the elements and we get Alvin's list.
We are getting the margin than oh I've just made a mistake with that.
Silly me sorry with their ego OK.
So it's working.
Looks nice.
No it's fine for the first first project for the act.
You know you're doing a lot of things.
You're using a lot of other components.
We're using state we're mapping over over items or containers.
So you know it's a lot of things now.
The next sections begin to talk about more specific things about react.
And after that begin to create a new new project and that one is going to be kind of long because it's
a real life scenario.
So OK so let's wrap this up and go to the next section.